


Vladimir Gruev - Digital Designer


   
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?> Index Connect ↗ About m—enu  Index About Email ↗ LinkedIn dribbble Instagram Index Connect ↗ About  
Your browser does not support the video tag.
 Digital designer helping you drop those generic looks. #creative direction  
Helping to identify core problems with aesthetics. Establishing design process driven by high-level creative decisions. Creating a coherent vision for design and forming a strong foundation for your successful web presence.
 #visual identity #brand design  
Creating a brand image for your company that resonates with you and your audience. Helping to establish an emotional bond with users. Delivering visual brand elements that speak your company's core values.
 #web design #marketing  
Setting your focal point of web presence. Constructing a design system tied to the visual, front-facing part. Delivering consistent digital assets and marketing experiences for your product representation for both web and real-life scenarios.
 #digital product #design system  
Crafting consistent and scalable design systems tailored to the needs and goals of digital products.
 
Your browser does not support the video tag.
 frame Frame is an Ethereum L2 designed to scale NFT adoption across the Ethereum ecosystem.  Industry Web3, Protocol, NFT  Company Ethereum Layer 2       skyfront A Silicon Valley robotics company that specializes in drones and related technologies for defense and commercial applications.   Industry Drones, Robotics  Company Silicon valley startup          Panther Panther takes care of your remote team’s global payroll, benefits, taxes, compliance.  Industry Global Recruiting, Compliance  Company Company sold      
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
     Take a full look ↘ Homebase The platform for local-first software. It keeps local data in sync so you can build fast and collaborative React apps.  Industry Dev tools, Data  Company NY, CA & Berlin (sold)      
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
     Take a full look ↘ 
Built by Gruev

2024



